Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, as you know, password are not meant to be seen when typing.
So what you're going to do now?
Before then, I'm going to show you this.
Now, when we tap the you can see that this is basically just more like a test in my test field.
So what I'm going to do is we're going to make this hidden.
So when we type the first letter, it's going to hide that.
Okay.
So to do this is very easy.
We're just going to go to our log in screen page.
Okay.
I think okay, this is it by logging screen.
Now we're going to go to the password field.
Trust me, this is very easy.
Okay.
This is the password field.
Oh, just out as it is within the test field.
Not to impede decoration.
This is available in the test field and not within the decoration.
So all we just have to say is of secure test.
So I'm going to set this to you.
Okay.
This is save.
Now when we tap is going to hide it because it's like it's not here.
Okay, great.
Now you can see.
Again.
You can see goods.
Good.
Now, we're going to do this for the side of page.
Okay.
There you can see currently when you type, you can see what they are typing on user.
Are all the users going to visit is to have a password.
So now you can try that as well.
So to do that as well, you can do that yourself.
So you can a positive video and try to do that yourself.
Okay.
That will do it for you.
We're going to do it again.
I say that.
So now we're going to go to our sign up screen.
Then they're going to go to their the passwords, who I think is the last we have.
So this is it.
So evidence of secure or secure test.
We're going to set it to you.
Okay.
They're going to lose control.
And this aren't true.
And this to save the give away or to go.
Okay.
So now we can type here.
You can see it right there.
Okay, great.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.